### May 25, 2021 Minutes
- Yiki gave an overview of the 3D headmap status
	- Partner’s feedback...
		- Consistent colorization in colorbar. Perhaps allow for set ranges or a default of +/- 30 microvolts
- Sasha showed updated connectivity plot and UI
	- Partner’s feedback...
		- Should the app allow for uploading files or run from a folder? Partners say they would prefer the option to set the directory containing the data.
		- Connectivity: once or twice a second is likely enough but the option to choose how long timepoints would be helpful. 
		- A textbox would likely be more ideal than a bar for specifying time, one for start time one for end time
		- The use of other metrics in colorbars is important (through a dropdown list)
- Mo discussed how he has looked into the stretch goal for clustering...
	- Partner’s feedback...
		- Since clustering is unsupervised, we're not looking to label the data in any specific way
		- What should be identified in the model? Since clustering is unsupervised there is no topic. It's more open-ended since there is nothing in particular they are looking for without making it into a supervised problem (i.e. pre-impact vs post-impact). A way to look at what the general state are and how they transition. How we define these is up to us. Consider chopping up data into smaller segments (i.e., that represents different brain states) and then use those brain states to cluster data. We are not constrained to the papers that were sent, can look around for more methods. General idea is that the brain is not static so we should investigate if classification/clustering is possible (since there is no current definition of how brain states are yet). A brain state would likely be best defined by the overall state (as observed by all electrodes).
