### May 11, 2021 Minutes

Garoub: 
- Raw voltage values 
- Power changes
	- enter snap shot times

Sasha: 
- Connectivity
	- Tim - post and pre impact, 1 frame vs other frame in time and calculate coherence 
	- Ideally graph with links between nodes based on correlation at each time
	- Animated
	- Line thickness smaller for less correlated smaller, larger for more correlated
	- Custom groups or no groups
	
Matt: 
- 2d head map
	- start and end timestamp
	- Matt: Showed the 2D topographic map along with the proof-of-concept timestamp specification. This appears to meet what the partners are expecting
- Brain interpolated 
	- Okay to use example MRI? Yes
	- Matt: Showed the 3D interpolated brain option maps. The partners preferred the 3D model to the three slices of MRI representations due to the limited spatial resolution and requested that it be animated. The partners agreed that the forward object is likely related to the interpolation process of mapping the EEG data to the brain model.
	
Yiki: 
- 3d head map
	- Lyndia: Can we have a better skull? 
	- Will need to interpolate, so shouldn't matter if don't have mapping of node locations
	- 2d and 3d map should be doing the same thing, just mapping onto 3d surface
	- Joel: what is the value? 2d/3d is viewing measurements on scalp, brain one localizing source. 
	
Stretch goals 
- Intro by Garoub about 2 options
	- Preproprocessing vs. machine learning
	- Either is fine, EEGLAB will need to be used to import data anyway to convert file format
	- ICA is a bit iffy if it can be automated, sometimes components to go back and verify
	- 

`fixedareas.mat`
- map of points that have been changed by `cleanrawdata` script

Questions
- Diff layout 10-20 system could be helpful, would be nice to have the flexibility to have different ones
	- 10-20, 10-5 most useful options


Joel's questions:
- Correlation based analysis more commonly first step before learning
- Correlations between 2 electrodes, pairwise
- Better to look at brain regions than different electrodes
